README.rst, before:

PHP Template Iterator
=====================

An irator class that takes an array of arrays as an input and supplies
capabilities resembling the Django Template Language.

Still extreme alpha.

Example
-------
The following is a example of usage::

    require realpath(dirname(__FILE__)) . '/TIter.php';

    $items = array(
            array('id' => 1, 'titles' => array('Main' =>"<a'", 'Sub'=> '2'),
                'body' => 'x', 'a'=> '', 'b' => 0, 'c' => 'Show me', 'x' => 92),
            array('id' => 2, 'titles' => array('Main' =>'a', 'Sub'=> '2'),
                'body' => 'xx', 'a'=> 'Show me', 'b' => '', 'c' => 'Dont show', 'x' => 63),
            array('id' => 3, 'titles' => array('Main' =>'b', 'Sub'=> '3', 'x' => 21),
                'body' => '<br />xxxx', 'a'=> '', 'b' => 'Show me', 'c' => 'Blah', 'x' => 65),
            array('id' => 4, 'titles' => array('Main' =>'c', 'Sub'=> '3'),
                'body' => '', 'a'=> 0, 'b' => null, 'c' => false, 'x' => 120),
    );
    ?>
    <?foreach(new TIter($items) as $i):?>
     <?=$i->body?>
     <?=$i['titles']['Main']?><?if($i['titles']['Main']->haschanged()):?>changed<?endif?>
     <?=$i->body?>
     <?=$i->titles->Sub?><?=$i->titles->Sub->same() ? ' same' : ' notsame'?>
     <?=$i->cycle('das', 'ist', 'gut')?>
     <?=$i->cycle('is', 'good')?>
     <?if($i->isfirst()):?>isfirst!<?endif?>
     <?if($i->islast()):?>islast!<?endif?>
     <?=$i->body->emptyor('Empty body')?>
     <?=$i->body->length()?>
     <?=$i->body->striptags()?>
     <?=$i->titles->Main->safe()?>
     <?=$i->autoescape_off()?><?=$i->titles->Main?>
     <?=$i->autoescape_on()?><?=$i->titles->Main?>
     <?=$i->firstof($i->a(), $i->b(), $i->c(), 'Default')?>
     <?=$i->now('jS F Y H:i')?>
     <?=$i->x->widthratio(120, 100)?>
     <?=$i->x->add(2)?>
     <?=$i->titles->Main->addslashes()?>
     <?=$i->titles->Main->capfirst()?>
     <?=$i->titles->Main->center(4)?>

    <?endforeach?>
    <?
    $items = array(
        array('a' => '<a>æ', 'd' => '9983439843', 'n' => 7,),
        array('a' => 'b', 'd' => '998343984', 'n' => 8,),
        array('a' => '>c>', 'd' => '9983430000', 'n' => 9,),
    );
    ?>

    <?foreach(new TIter($items) as $i):?>
    <?=$i->a->cut('<')?>
     / <?=$i->d->date('D d M Y');?>
     / <?if($i->n->divisibleby(3)):?><?=$i->n?> is div. by 3<?endif?>
     / <?=$i->a->escape()?>

    <?endforeach?>

Commit message:

Fixing typo in README. Adding some tests. Making filters chainable where it makes sense.

README.rst, after:

PHP Template Iterator
=====================

An iterator class that takes an array of arrays as an input and supplies
capabilities resembling the Django Template Language.

Filters are chainable where it makes sense.

Still extreme alpha.

Example
-------
Also check out the the tests. The following is a example of usage::

    require realpath(dirname(__FILE__)) . '/DtlIter.php';

    $items = array(
            array('id' => 1, 'titles' => array('Main' =>"<a'", 'Sub'=> '2'),
                'body' => 'x', 'a'=> '', 'b' => 0, 'c' => 'Show me', 'x' => 92),
            array('id' => 2, 'titles' => array('Main' =>'a', 'Sub'=> '2'),
                'body' => 'xx', 'a'=> 'Show me', 'b' => '', 'c' => 'Dont show', 'x' => 63),
            array('id' => 3, 'titles' => array('Main' =>'b', 'Sub'=> '3', 'x' => 21),
                'body' => '<br />xxxx', 'a'=> '', 'b' => 'Show me', 'c' => 'Blah', 'x' => 65),
            array('id' => 4, 'titles' => array('Main' =>'c', 'Sub'=> '3'),
                'body' => '', 'a'=> 0, 'b' => null, 'c' => false, 'x' => 120),
    );
    ?>
    <?foreach(new DtlIter($items) as $i):?>
     <?=$i->body?>
     <?=$i['titles']['Main']?><?if($i['titles']['Main']->haschanged()):?>changed<?endif?>
     <?=$i->body?>
     <?=$i->titles->Sub?><?=$i->titles->Sub->same() ? ' same' : ' notsame'?>
     <?=$i->cycle('das', 'ist', 'gut')?>
     <?=$i->cycle('is', 'good')?>
     <?if($i->isfirst()):?>isfirst!<?endif?>
     <?if($i->islast()):?>islast!<?endif?>
     <?=$i->body->emptyor('Empty body')?>
     <?=$i->body->length()?>
     <?=$i->body->striptags()?>
     <?=$i->titles->Main->safe()?>
     <?=$i->autoescape_off()?><?=$i->titles->Main?>
     <?=$i->autoescape_on()?><?=$i->titles->Main?>
     <?=$i->firstof($i->a(), $i->b(), $i->c(), 'Default')?>
     <?=$i->now('jS F Y H:i')?>
     <?=$i->x->widthratio(120, 100)?>
     <?=$i->x->add(2)?>
     <?=$i->titles->Main->addslashes()?>
     <?=$i->titles->Main->capfirst()?>
     <?=$i->titles->Main->center(4)?>

    <?endforeach?>
    <?
    $items = array(
        array('a' => '<a>æ', 'd' => '9983439843', 'n' => 7,),
        array('a' => 'b', 'd' => '998343984', 'n' => 8,),
        array('a' => '>c>', 'd' => '9983430000', 'n' => 9,),
    );
    ?>

    <?foreach(new DtlIter($items) as $i):?>
    <?=$i->a->cut('<')?>
     / <?=$i->d->date('D d M Y');?>
     / <?if($i->n->divisibleby(3)):?><?=$i->n?> is div. by 3<?endif?>
     / <?=$i->a->escape()?>

    <?endforeach?>
